hey what's up guys explanation pro is
here today i'll explain a crime drama
film title anonymous spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
the movie begins with the main character
alex introduces his family they move out
of ukraine to start a new life
he says they have been having financial
instability their whole life
because of this alex decides that he
should make money for himself in every 1
000 clicks he does on a computer they
will compensate him 20 dollars it's not
much but it was his first income alex
dane became more interested in the
internet world it has all the
information he wants to learn the
financial crisis the banks the
vulnerable security of the system and
the need for change one night alex
notices that his parents are fighting to
catch some air he decides to go out and
have some coffee while watching the
television inside a cafe he learns about
the criminal group darkweb infiltrating
the cyberworld when alex goes home he
finds his mother crying he asks her what
is wrong
then she says that they might lose the
house because she lost her job thinking
of a resolution alex goes to his room
and takes his stash of earned money and
gave it to his mom
at first her mom is skeptical about how
her son got all the money she also does
not want to accept it when she learns
it's supposed to be for alex's college
still alex insists that she should
accept it because what matters most
right now is not to lose their shelter
alex pissed at the bank that fired her
mom buts of them he loses all the money
that he saved for years thinking about
earning back the credits he searches on
the internet how to gain money fast but
also everything is a scam suddenly he
remembers the criminal organization dark
web that he saw on the television and
looks up for it he wants to join the
organization but first he must pass the
test one of the members for the
organization says that he must be
invited or do a criminal act first for
him to be validated as a rookie alex
thinks of someone he should victimize he
thinks of randy the bully of their
school that is crazy about protein
supplements to be able to scam him alex
creates a fake website that sells cheap
supplements and randy falls for it he
uses his father's credit card and alex
gets all the information he gives this
information to the dark web and they
pass him the test one of the members
roosevelt helps alex to make more money
his first job is about black market
trading all simple roosevelt will send
him things and he must sell them to get
his cut alex enjoys this business and
everything is going well in only 4 weeks
he already earns about 30 000
alex decides to leave home and go to the
big city and go to college to sustain
his money he continues his business on
the black market to earn more one day he
steals an expensive watch on the black
market he cannot reselling it on
craigslist because there are so many
cops and scammers to test his luck he
goes to chinatown to sell the watch
however no jewelry shops are accepting
the watch some are even suspicious that
it is stolen one man wearing dark
sunglasses notices alex the stranger
offers him that if he could sell the
watches by more than 30 000 he would get
a 30 cut alex agrees and gives him the
watch interestingly the stranger is
successful and gives him the money
afterwards alex becomes curious about
how he successfully sold it the person
says that he will only tell him if alex
tells him how he got the watches it is
the night that he meets sai sai tells
him the secret on how to sell items
successfully they become partners in
crime earning so much money in a very
short time while going to university he
realizes that college is not the life he
wants to live he decides to continue his
business with psy stealing jewelry and
hacking credit cards one day one of
sai's friends from the club gives them a
credit card from a foreign customer she
says it's a gift alex notices that this
credit card has a lot of money they make
a fake id and successfully withdraw from
the bank without getting caught
one day while browsing the dark web alex
finds the bank that fired her mother is
now on the vulnerable list he wants to
get revenge and attack them however he
fails as soon as he got in the back to
infiltrate their data the security had a
close look at him putting a parasite on
the computer before escaping the
security guards came to alex and bring
him to the head of security to
interrogate him
the security threatens to call the
police if he does not say where he gets
the software alex explains that the
security of their bank is really weak
and he negotiates that if he updates the
software for free the security will not
report him to the police because of this
alex becomes famous in the dark web even
the creator zed commands him because of
his popularity his friend sai matches
him with a girl for him today her name
is kira and she knows something about
the dark web sai wants to make her part
of the team interestingly kira has more
knowledge of the dark web than them she
knows how to create fake credit cards
use bitcoin and use onion browsing these
are the things that alex and cy have
never known before kira also has so many
customers she easily sells their item
with such ease she says that her uncle
is helping him find clients and she
gives him cuts
however as time goes by sai starts to
have doubts about kira he says that it
is suspicious for a girl to have so many
connections especially if she's keeping
it a secret sai thinks that if she is so
good already why did she need to work
with him in the first place alex thinks
that sai is overthinking it
one day kiera asks alex if he wants to
go with her to hong kong because there
were more opportunities there for their
business
while lying down sai accidentally
overhears this conversation he becomes
much more suspicious of kira it is time
for their biggest deal of their team
kira easily founds buyers that were
willing to buy all of the items in the
truck
before finalizing the deal psy steps in
and talks to the clients he says that he
wants to build trust saying that it
would be okay if they do not want to buy
all the items sai wants to build trust
with the clients for them to be loyal
buyers in the future kira disapproves of
this and says that the buyer should buy
it all or it would be no deal kira and
tai have a heated argument and sa has
been saying to her all the things he is
suspicious about alex goes to the head
client and touches him the client does
not like it and takes his gun the client
fires at the air to warn them he says
that the deal is officially off the
table and if they try to have a deal
with other people they know he assures
him that it would lead to chaos one
night they noticed that a cop is
inspecting their truck
luckily it goes away without doing
anything
alex thinks that they are not safe
anymore in the city and proposes that
they move for their safety
sai says that he wants to go to hong
kong kira and alex have already talked
about it and easily approved it hong
kong became their new home alex hopes
that their business will come down a bit
upon coming to the city they continue
their business selling and buying
jewelry computer gadgets and other
things they are making a lot of money
but alex feels like they're not moving
on quite fine aside from making money
alex also wants to challenge the system
he is getting bored of all the same
business they are doing one day when
psycho's home with a lot of money he
brings it to prove that he still has the
skills to buy and sell stuff when he
reveals what credit card he used alex
becomes furious because he specifically
told sai not to use that card alex says
that psy is becoming a threat to their
security and he wants him out of the
team say agrees and leaves the house
peacefully he says that their team used
to be fun once and now it is all chaos
to catch the attention of zed the head
of the dark web kira suggests that they
should attack all the atms in hong kong
upon doing it they can steal about 2
million dollars worth of cash
after hacking the atms they leave a
piece of paper with a print of the logo
of the dark web the government officials
notice this and say that they will do
everything to catch the criminals their
plan is successful although one night
kira says that she does not want to be
part of the team again
she says that the reason why she wants
to quit is that she wants to rest for a
while alex thinks this is ridiculous
while arguing with kira he notices that
zed promotes him as an underboss in the
dark web and commands him for what he
has done alex demands to meet zed at
first zedd was not convinced until alex
said that it could involve billions of
dollars
they meet zed in some big warehouse it
is very secluded and secure inside there
they meet zed sitting in a wheelchair
zed says if they are willing to
cooperate they should not make any
mistake because he will kill them and
all their families and friends if they
do
that same day after the meeting sai
leaves a voicemail on alex's phone and
says sorry for the trouble he cost and
he wants to have a second chance again
to be part of the team he is at the
hotel waiting for alex and kira
however some unknown strangers start to
raid their house zai is in danger when
alex and kira get home they find sai in
the bathtub dead and lifeless they
realize that this is the doing of the
colombian man that they have been
stealing money from
if it were not for psy alex and kira
would be the ones dead
after the death of their friend alex
still chooses to continue the job with
zed alex has a team now and they are
attacking the market system their first
move is to impersonate and fakely kill
the federal reserve chairman
after the fake murder the team
immediately spread articles in the media
stating the federal chair was shot
all the wealthy men panic as the market
has started to go down
all the money that the team stole was
divided for alec and the whole dark web
that same day after the successful plan
and known agents have started to catch
alex and kira
the agents bring alex into an unoccupied
building before leaving him free they
destroy his laptops and other gadgets
alex does not know who these people are
and why they attacked him to look for
kira alex flies to thailand to meet her
in the place they promised days have
passed kira is not there he feels alone
one day he decides to go to the internet
cafe to check the internet he uses one
of his fake credit cards as a mode of
payment he learns on the internet that
the state agents have defeated the dark
web zed was captured and the state
agents killed kira the staff from the
internet cafe calls the police to report
him for using a fake credit card alex
becomes imprisoned for two years in his
day spent in the prison cell he thinks
about getting his simple life back
together after his release from prison
he sees kira outside the building
waiting for him she is still alive and
tells him the truth kira's suspicious
uncle is really from the cia he uses
kira to get closer to alex and make him
do things to make his rank higher in the
dark web
all the schemes the clients were all
part of the plan the cia aims to get
closer to zed and to end the criminal
organization and they are successful the
state agent successfully tracked zed's
location with the help of kira working
with alex the dark web has come to an
end and these two young hackers have
flipped their life from chaos to
integrity
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video please hit the like
button and also subscribe to my channel
for more videos like this
see you in the next video